[Tome] It looks like there really aren't
that many espers out here, are there?
I mean, all of these people have walked by
and not one of them has stood out to you.
Unless, of course, you're just
not saying anything to trick me.
-No, there really haven't been any.
-Hmm.
-Hey. So are the two of you on a date?
-[gasps]
Whoa. This guy seems pretty unique.
-It's Hanazawa.
-Sorry, but something's come up.
-Cool if I borrow him for a bit?
-Uh. Sure.
[Mob] Someone's fighting under my name?
[Teru sighs] Yeah. It's a student
from Salt Middle School.
You might even know him.
He's back that way.
You should go
and take a look for yourself.
[footsteps approaching]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps] It's you.
What are you doing, Ritsu?
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
THE OLDER BROTHER BOWS
~DESTRUCTIVE INTENT~
[enigmatic music playing]
-Shige, what are you doing here?
-I'd ask you the same thing, Ritsu.
[Teru] Must be his younger brother.
[Koyama] Who's this kid?
[Mob] Who are these people
piled up on the ground?
-Did you do all this?
-[groaning]
-[Mob] Ritsu?
-Yes. I'm responsible.
[gasps]
[Teru] Watching two siblings fight
isn't exactly the classiest thing to do.
-[groans]
-[Mob] Really? This is your doing, Ritsu?
[Ritsu] It's true.
No way. Come on,
you're just kidding, right?
-I mean, seriously? Brother.
-[Ritsu] Seriously. I did this.
See, I've finally obtained psychic powers.
Huh?
Whoa, Ritsu!
What do you think you're doing?
-Not another word, Dimple.
-[Dimple] Tch! He's drunk with power.
[Dimple] This is why I hate brats.
I'm not hanging around
for a battle I know he'll lose!
-[grunts]
-Dimple?
[Ritsu] Whatever. I don't need him.
I've got the hang of it now.
Listen, Brother. I've come
to realize something very important.
What? What do you mean?
Look, if something's bothering you--
-[grunts]
-[groans, gasps]
-You do have psychic powers.
-[Ritsu] I missed.
-Ritsu, you did it!
-[Ritsu gasps]
[Mob] You've wanted them for so long!
Do you remember?
Back when you were a little kid,
you'd cry your eyes out
'cause you couldn't bend spoons.
Who would've thought that now--
The situation hadn't changed
until recently.
Now listen to what
I was trying to tell you.
I've always wanted psychic powers.
And because you had them,
I'd always admired you, Brother.
Really? You're making me blush. [chuckles]
[Ritsu] But that was just
a big misunderstanding.
It was?
-[melancholic music playing]
-[Ritsu] I couldn't handle
my inferiority complex
and fear towards you,
so I was protecting myself
by thinking it was simply admiration.
More than anything, I was scared of you.
I never knew what you might do
if you got stressed out.
We could never even
have a fight as brothers.
I mean, that would be suicidal, right?
I'd have no way to protect myself
from your powers.
So I did my best to stay out of your way
and not cause any trouble between us.
Now that's just a humiliating past.
[Ritsu] I tried so hard for so long…
[sobs] …no matter how crazy
or frustrated it made me, and yet,
you never worked hard
in your life, so why?
But now, I've obtained them.
Now, I don't have to be scared anymore.
The delusional admiration is gone.
Actually…
I've lost all interest
in our relationship.
So, this buddy-buddy act
of ours ends now. It's over.
-Ritsu. I can tell. That's all just a lie.
-I want you to face me!
Hit me with the full force of your powers!
[Mob] But I guess part
of what you said is true.
I am your brother.
And that means
I have to help take care of you.
[gasps] Huh?
[Mob] I'm terribly sorry
that my little brother hurt you.
He lost his temper, that's all.
Please look past this
and be friends with him.
-Huh?
-What'd you say?
You're the older brother
of that freak show?
-Yes. And I'm very sorry.
-[Akagi] You idiot!
Think that's enough
to be forgiven, do you?
You need to grovel
down on your knees first!
[Mob] Oh, okay…
[Ritsu breathes shakily] Stop it.
Why would you do that?
[grunts] What do you think you're doing?
Ritsu, there isn't any use
in trying to get rid of me.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
I mean, we're brothers.
-[phone rings]
-[Koyama] Hello?
[Sakurai] I'd like a status update.
It's been ten minutes since you reported
that you've found the target.
What are you doing?
[Koyama] Thought while I was here,
I'd observe the--
[Sakurai] What are you, an idiot?
Hurry up and bring him here.
[Koyama] All right, fine.
[Sakurai] Actually,
just in case, send a photo.
It'd be a real pain in the ass
if you brought back the wrong brat.
Yeah, yeah.
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[Koyama] Mocking me--
There you go. Sent.
[Sakurai] Got it.
That's him. Shigeo Kageyama.
[Koyama] Like I said--
[Sakurai] Confirms
the Awakening Lab's data.
[scoffs]
What a completely exaggerated name.
It's embarrassing to even have to say it.
Now, listen. Don't mess this up.
The more information we leak,
the more annoying it'll be.
No fooling around.
-[Koyama] I got it, I got it.
-[phone beeps]
[Koyama] Acting all high-and-mighty.
Let's get this wrapped up.
-[gang members laugh]
-[Akagi] The tables have turned!
[laughs] White T-Poison!
If you don't want us to beat the crap
out of your brother,
then get your ass over here.
-[Mob] Ah. Hold it. You shouldn't do that.
-[gang members continue laughing]
[Gozu] Huh?
I was hoping we'd end this.
No more hurting people.
There's been enough violence.
Now, just who in the hell
do you think you are, small fry?
[Bandai] Only the strongest
can give out orders like that.
And the strongest will rule.
That's the way of the world.
[Ritsu] Just how pathetic
are these people?
-[grunts]
-[Ritsu] The strongest one here
is obviously--
-[grunts]
-[Koyama] You're exactly right.
-[grunts] Let go!
-[Koyama grunts]
-Ritsu!
-[gang member 1] Who's that?
Who the hell are you?
[Koyama] Like you said,
the strongest will rule.
It's such an obvious thing
that sometimes you forget about it.
Let me guess, you guys figure
that if you're strong at fighting,
you can rule your school and turfs, right?
That's cute. Really. Nice job.
You should keep it up.
But this guy's
on a completely different level.
You punks don't stand a chance in hell
of beating him.
[Ritsu yelps]
[Koyama] So I'm gonna take him
from the fighting grounds.
You can keep squabbling
with whomever else in peace.
-He's comin' with me.
-[both grunt]
Hold it right there!
He's our target! You can't--
-[screams]
-[gang member 2] That's our business!
-[grunts, groans]
-How dare you treat our boss like that?
-Wait, I got a bad feeling.
-[both yell, grunt]
[gang member 3] This guy's too strong.
It's not fair.
[Koyama chuckles]
You thugs are such simple creatures.
Pathetic. Uh?
My little brother.
-[grunts] Shige--
-[Koyama] Did I hit him too hard?
Well, if he dies,
I'd say he was just unlucky.
-[Koyama] Hey, tall guy.
-[Fuji gasps]
What's with that angry stare, huh?
It wasn't angry.
I was just looking, that's all.
-[Koyama] Grovel and apologize to me!
-Huh?
[Koyama] We're reviewing the scene
you were playing out earlier.
I know! All of you should grovel!
Get on your knees!
[indistinct murmuring]
[Koyama] Oh, do you need
a little added incentive?
If you don't grovel,
I'll kill you little punks.
[laughs] What a sight to behold!
Look at all you pathetic dipshits!
Let this be a lesson for those
who think they're badasses.
-And I've got one piece of advice…
-[whimpers]
…for the rest of your rotten lives.
Try to live by walking
on the side of the road,
so you don't cause the strong ones
you can't handle any trouble.
See ya, brats. [laughs]
-Damn it!
-What was that about?
-[grunts]
-[gang member] Look! That's…
[growls] Ritsu!
-[gang members scream]
-[Koyama gasps]
[yells]
[Mob grunts]
You, too, brat? You want some of this?
-Wait, what are you--
-I wasn't told anything about this kid
having a brother with psychic powers.
Let go of my brother or you'll regret it.
[Ritsu grunts]
[Koyama] So, you've put up a barrier.
Ooh, I'm shaking!
[Mob] I'm not supposed to use
these powers against others,
but this is different!
Is that all you got, little man?
[gasps] I remember now!
From before.
He's that adult esper I noticed.
Love to stay and play,
but I've got other plans.
Luckily, there are ways to deal
with little esper brats like you!
[yells]
Telekinetic Helix!
TELEKINETIC HELIX
[Mob] He's attacking again.
I don't wanna grow up and become this guy.
Now, cry--
[grunts] Huh?
[groans]
You're so light. You fly like a bird!
[Mob] It hurts. I can't exhale.
[whimpers] Or inhale.
My stomach is burning.
[grunts, coughs]
You surprised? My powers
rip through your barrier
like an excavator
through a pile of rubble.
-[grunts] Shige!
-Stand up.
You're gonna protect
your little brother, right?
-[grunts]
-[Bandai] Whoa, holy crap!
-That is one hell of a beating!
-[gang member 1] This can't be real.
-[gang member 2] Seriously?
-[gang member 3] He's gonna die.
-Brother.
-[groans]
[breathes shakily] Leave him alone.
[groans]
Stop hurting him! Please!
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[Ritsu gasps]
-Stop it, now!
-[grunts]
Just take me!
It's what you wanted, right?
-Then do it! [grunts]
-That's a wise decision.
[chuckles] But I don't play fair.
What's with that look on your face?
Think I'll take this opportunity
to wipe it off!
[grunts]
[upbeat music playing]
[Mob] Look what you've done.
This is the first time this has happened
while I'm still conscious.
Can you feel it? Rage. Burning in me.
[Koyama grunts]
He brought my hands to the ground--
A brat like that.
[yells]
[groans] I can't get away!
-[groans]
-That guy is finished. It's over.
[Mob] You who attacked
my brother and me unprovoked,
you did this to yourself,
and now you're gonna pay for it.
Don't you ever show your face
in front of us again.
[Koyama] Telekinetic Helix!
What? How can it have no effect this time?
[music fades]
[gang members gasp]
-[gang member 1] Unbelievable.
-[gang member 2] Hey, did you see that?
[gang member 3] What the hell happened?
[gasps] What's going on? You're kidding!
[Koyama] Energy Bomb!
You're actually making me use
my trump card.
Shige!
[gasps] Why won't he fall over?
At this rate, things won't end well.
Oh! I know! Reinforcements!
[yells] Damn it! What's with this brat?
[groans] He… He's strong!
If I don't put up my guard,
I'll be knocked out in an instant.
-[gang members cheer]
-Yeah! Get him!
Can't believe a guy like that exists.
Hey, look at that!
It's… It's a white T-shirt!
-[gasps] That's it!
-He's not White T-Poison's older brother.
He's the shadow leader
at Salt Middle School!
[gang members] White T-Poison!
[Koyama] Taking him on
in a battle of abilities isn't good.
I don't have a choice.
The mission comes first.
-Hey, look out! He's got a knife!
-[Koyama] Shut up, you stupid punk!
[yells]
[Mob]
If you're not giving up, I'll end it.
The next move will be the last.
[Koyama] Take this, brat!
Damn it! This barrier's so powerful,
my knife's not even gonna scratch it!
-Just kidding!
-[gasps]
-[gang members gasp]
-[gang member 1] What happened?
[Koyama] I don't like using this stuff,
but I don't have time
to deal with this crap anymore.
You've all gotten a good look at my face.
So, I'm gonna have to make you disappear.
-Oh… Oh, crap!
-[gang member 2] Run!
[gang member 3 hesitates] Hurry!
[Koyama chuckles] You really think
I'll let you get away
after everything you've seen?
[gulps] Impossible!
I can't take him on anymore!
-You're coming with me!
-[Ritsu groans]
He left and he didn't kill us?
-[gang member 1] We did it!
-[gang member 2] Let's go!
-[gang member 3] Yeah!
-[gang member 4] All right!
-[gang members cheer]
-Amazing! You saved our lives!
What the--
He's unconscious, but still standing.
[Teru] I'd stay away, if I were you.
It's still dangerous to be near him.
[gang member] You're from Black Vinegar
Middle School.
I can't believe someone
was able to push him
over the edge like that.
That's no ordinary guy.
[Dimple] He left and took Ritsu with him.
Damn it! Looks like we're too late!
[crows cawing]
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[Reigen] This is rock salt
from the Himalayas.
It goes great with pasta or meat.
It'll also come in handy
for our needs in the exorcism.
Your shoulders feel heavy, right?
Yes. A fortuneteller said
there was something dense
weighing down on them.
[Reigen] So they just told her that
and took the money? How irresponsible.
I know just what to do.
-[whimsical music playing]
-Uh-- Why are you--
Ghosts and spirits
are completely powerless against salt.
-First, we'll weaken them…
-Uh!
…with the rock salt powder.
And with this scraping noise by your ears,
this'll be really annoying to spirits
that wanna live in a quiet place.
Eventually, they'll grow agitated
and leave.
Phase two!
We'll use the hard edges of the rock salt
and do a massage
to loosen up your tense muscles
-and improve your blood flow.
-[moans]
[Reigen] We'll place a hot towel
on your face to cover your eyes.
This shuts out the spirits'
visual interferences.
Along with using aroma oils
to maximize your relaxation,
we'll light some incense
that spirits hate.
Oh! Such a wonderful smell!
Aroma Runaway Express!
[narrator] This is one of Reigen's
special moves,
where he sends his clients
on a specialized beauty trip
that relaxes the body and soul.
-Oh, my goodness! I feel so much younger!
-That's an added bonus!
[sighs internally] I'm so glad
there was no actual spirit to deal with.
This is the first time I can remember
that Mob didn't show up for work.
I'm gonna have to lecture him
when I see him again.
Brother, if there's anything
troubling you, let me know.
I'll be there to listen anytime.
Shige, somethin' bothering you?
You sure everything's okay?
If you're not feelin' right,
I'm here to listen.
Oh, it's nothing. Really. I'm fine, Ritsu.
Thanks for asking, though.
Sure.
[Mob] Ritsu. Ritsu. I see, now.
I'm sorry I didn't realize it sooner.
[groans, gasps]
Good, you're finally awake. I was worried.
[Mob] Hanazawa, where are we?
[Teru] My apartment.
Dimple told me about everything
that happened.
Hey! Looking good, Shigeo.
[Mob] Dimple? What's going on?
-Why were you there with Ritsu?
-It's a long story.
-[Mob] And he was kidnapped. Dimple…
-Oh?
…are you to blame for all this?
It's a misunderstanding!
I don't know who those guys are!
-He doesn't, but I do.
-[both] Huh?
They've been trying to follow me around
for a few years now.
[Dimple] Huh? Is that why
you live by yourself
even though you're in middle school?
Let me give you a little bit of advice.
-Stay away from them.
-[intriguing music playing]
-Huh?
-But they've got my brother.
-You'll die.
-[grunts]
[Teru] It's an organization called Claw,
formed by dangerous espers.
They want a revolution
and aim to turn the world on its head.
Their ability to function as a group
is first-rate,
and there are over a hundred
who are actively involved.
-[both gasp]
-You're kidding, right?
Over a hundred?
[Teru] There are plenty
of facilities across the world
that are researching ways
to manufacture psychic powers.
But the only one to succeed
at such an undertaking is Claw.
Apparently, they take child espers
who have yet to mature,
brainwash them,
and raise them as soldiers.
They aren't as powerful as us Naturals,
but if you underestimate them,
their sheer numbers will crush you.
[Dimple] You know a lot about 'em.
Got most of my info from one of their guys
who tried to kidnap me before.
Luckily though, that time around,
I taught him a lesson.
So basically, they're a bunch
of shady espers from a dangerous group.
Hey, Shigeo, you're lucky.
You could've been killed back there!
[Mob] It doesn't matter.
Ritsu, my little brother, was kidnapped.
-I'm gonna go save him.
-[Dimple] Huh?
[Teru] Do you have a death wish?
No, not at all.
-Then calm down and think.
-[Mob firmly] I think I can win.
[grunts, sighs] Have it your way.
But how do you think they found
out about your little brother?
-I don't really have any idea.
-Ah! I just remembered!
There's a research facility
where people like you were gathering.
As a matter of fact,
Ritsu was there recently, too.
Are you serious?
So the information
must have leaked from there.
Maybe we should check it out.
-But I have a bad feeling about this.
-I can lead you there.
[Dimple] Ah! This is terrible.
How could they do this to civilians?
It looks like they're unconscious,
but not dead.
[coughs, gasps]
[Mitsuura] Wh… Who are you?
Where did he go? That guy with the sword!
You need to answer our questions first.
Now tell me, did you sell Ritsu Kageyama's
personal information to Claw?
To Claw? What's that? Ritsu Kageyama?
You must be mistaken.
The one I invited here
was a kid named Shigeo Kageyama.
-You're wrong. That's me.
-It… It can't be!
This all started with a misunderstanding,
and yet they really managed
to awaken Ritsu.
[sobs] I don't what's going on.
Damn it all!
And we were finally seeing some
hope in our research, too.
It looks like this guy really
doesn't know anything.
Where are the other kids?
They were kidnapped.
Is all of this my fault?
[Mitsuura] To think
there's a group like that…
All right, so what level of power
did the kids who were kidnapped have?
'Cause I'd like to know exactly
what we're up against here.
Hold on a second.
Who are you guys, anyways-- [gasps]
-What do you think you're doing, Hanazawa?
-Introducing ourselves.
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[Koyama] Come on, brats.
Hurry and get out.
-[car door closes]
-[Koyama] Quit dawdling.
Keep moving. Don't make me smack you.
Now, don't scare them
any more than necessary.
They'll be useless.
-[scoffs]
-Kageyama.
-You look rough, are you okay?
-Don't worry, I'm fine.
But listen, we really
shouldn't fight back right now.
[gasps]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] Trapped in a suspicious
research facility,
Ritsu plots an escape
with the good-for-nothing espers.
Meanwhile, Mob rises to save Ritsu.
That's right, Mob!
That's what you call a man.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100,
episode nine, "Claw ~7th Division~."
Option B involves buying
the Blu-rays and the manga.